I produced an error last week about CHORION:


I abhor publishing trash (I abhor it of myself even more than I do from
others, but since I do not present myself as an authority on the subject, I do
not feel dishonest, though I do openly admit ignorance and incompetence in
this example).  Thus I felt honor bound to do a better set of research
specifically on the word.  First it should be noted that Greek grammar is not
as tough as I first assumed (it is not nontrivial by any means, and I still am
not competent with it, but it is not as opaque as I had thought).  It turns
out that while the Index for the Bauer-Arndt-Gingrich "Greek Lexicon" renders
each verse in order, each word within a verse is put in greek alphabetical
order.  Thus while the the meaning of the verse is decipherable, the syntax is
far from clear.  On the other hand, a Greek-English Intralinear Bible makes
things a lot more comprehendable.  And yes, the word for field in Acts 1:18 is
indeed "chorion." 

Now I've checked several Greek-English lexicons:

	"Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament," Louw and Nida
	"Robinson's Greek and English Lexicon of the New Testament"
	"Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament," Grimm
	"Word study Concordance," Tynsdale
	"A Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament and other 
	 early Christian Writings," Bauer-Arndt-Gingrich
	"The New Analytical Greek Lexicon," Perschbacher

In each case the meaning of the word Chorion was given variously as:

	A space, place, region, district, field, area, "country place," 
	land, farm, estate, "a bit of tillage", and similar meanings.

Nowhere do any of these books mention anything about "grave." As some of these 
books go into great detail, I would be very surprised to find that these books 
are all inadequate and Mr Archer is the only competent scholar in Greek.  I 
think it more likely that Mr Archer's investigations into "contradictions" to 
be once again, as your friend said it, "lacking in substance," and thus Archer 
is again shown worthless as an expert witness (By the way Mr DeCenso, I would 
have honorably presented my results on this matter, even if I had found them
to support Mr Archer's contentions). 

By the way, among these lexicons, (eg: Robinson's) is the definition of
"agros," the word used in Matthew 27 to describe the field bought.  The word
"agros" is defined as "a field in the country." Chorion is specifically noted
as a synonym to agros.  This is significant, as it is evidence of how silly
Bullinger's exegisis was, which stated that the word for "field" in Matthew
(ie: agros) is different from the word for "field" in Acts (ie: chorion), and
thus we must be talking about two different fields (Of course you already
admit how stupid Bullinger's exegisis is, but this was a small serendipity
which drives the point home). 

So as of now, unless Mr DeCenso show compelling reasons to believe otherwise
(eg: a reputable scholar with reputable references), I consider this 
particular issue closed.  See Mr DeCenso, now you can go on to answer
questions about the denials of Peter, the day of the Crucifixion, Tyre, and 
the fact that the author of Matthew quoted from the wrong prophet in
discussing the "Potter's Field."
 
				Later,

				Dave Butler