
Actually, jon, that is quite true.  Christian people have caused
"objective morality" to look very "relative."  After all, that was the
point of the original question in this thread, i.e. can we toss out
Christianity because it is so obviously inconsistent with its own
principles?  If you will bear with me, I will attempt to explain this
apparent inconsistency from at least one Christian's viewpoint:

If God exists and is the creator of mankind as the Bible claims, then
He has a pretty well-defined concept of what makes people tick
physically, emotionally, etc.  GOD has an "objective" morality for us.
That is to say, He has no trouble understanding what is good for (or
detrimental to) the creature He created. 

	Galatians 2:10-- For we [mankind] are His workmanship, created in
	Christ Jesus for good works [a morality], which God prepared
	beforehand [a well-defined design], that we might walk in them.

However, contrary to what many people assume (including the Pharasees
of the Bible,) God's morality cannot be completely codified in a list
of rules and regulations.  To some extent, every activity of a
person's life creates a new situation to which morality must be
applied.  There never could be enough volumes to codify God's
"objective" morality for us. 

Throughout history, mankind has tried to reduce morality to a list of
rules (objectivity, if you please.)  In the Old Testament, we have
both principles and specific rules.  By the time of Jesus, most of the
principles were obscured by the emphasis men had placed on the rules.
Volumes of additional rules had been made to try to codify the
application of the principles.  We [mankind] weren't comfortable with
the "subjectivity" of principles. 

	For reference see Matthew 5 where Jesus explains the difference
	between the Law and the principles of the Law.  For example, in
	verses 21-22:  "You have heard that the ancients were told,
	'You shall not commit murder'...and 'Whoever commits murder shall
	be liable to the court.'  But I say to you that everyone who is
	angry with his brother shall be liable to the court..."

The "objective morality" of God gets blurred by our inept
interpretation of it.  We [Christians] have made our biggest errors
when we have allowed any one person or group of people decide EXACTLY
what God intended for us.  If we [Christians] would stay committed to
seeking God's will instead of trying to prove we already had it all
figured out, we might do a better job of allowing others to find God's
"objective morality" for themselves.  If Jesus is who he said he
was/is (and that's the fundamental question,) then HE IS "objective
morality." 