-------------------------------------------
It's already in the hands of a monopoly of the rich because of capitalism
of land. Other than government land, saved for posterity and the eco-system
as well as government function, the remaining land is owned by a smaller
percentage of the people than ever before. The game of capitalism is almost
won. The game has only to be declared over and we will have to take matters
into our own hands and redistribute it again fairly, or else be enslaved in
return for a place to live. Here in central California, already, fewer than
30% own all the property and 5% of them own 90% of it. That's twice what it
was twenty years ago. Rents are so high that you pay 60% of your income for
rent. If you just have a McJob, all you can afford is one room, if that.
Some 30% of minimum wage workers are homeless. Unless you both have degrees
in technical fields and are working in them, (in the midst of 30%
unemployment in high tech jobs!), you will never own anything but a used
car if you choose to have more than one child!!! And everywhere else you
could afford there are no jobs. The only way to get there is to save and
not consume any more than you have to, clothing used, food poor. No movies,
no entertainment,, ect. for about five to seven years, and then, if you've
saved $20,000, if you can get together that much, and that's ignoring your
kids and working two jobs, then you can buy a home in Arkansas or Missouri
outright and live somewhere where they flood every other year! That's an
exaggeration if you pay close attention to the flood lines on other
people's houses and find a sturdy hill, then you can buy one up there! Also
buy a rowboat. Missouri's not so bad, if you like the sensation of sleeping
in a sweatbox in summer and your car freezing solid in winter. They really
do put those heaters into the dipstick hole to keep them warm enough to
start with ether!:) Shit, kill the rich and redistribute the livable
property. Kill all of them!
-RSW

---------------------------------------------
The land is simply granted to people who live on it now. Extra is kept for
the future. You get to stay where you are without paying rent. Land that
supports others becomes property of the state. Farmers are welcome to plant
crops that people need according to demand and ability and soil quality. If
you want to grow sourgum because you always did, and you aren't doing a
good job, then we let another farmer grow sorghum, and you grow something
else. When people die the land they were entitled to use goes into the
public holdings. No one can sell land, but they can trade places with
anybody. No one can lease land. The government will locally distribute the
use of the land not used for residences. Residences that are insufficient
to the families living there can be traded to the public for a larger house
and yard according to need and availability. The local land council who vow
to live on their land till death to avoid profit ties will decide fairness
subject to review by the state and federal land councils. It will cost no
more than any fucking thing costs now with fucking assed rent going down a
deep dark hole to the owners! Anyone can submit a request for a larger
house or land to start a business on, depending on a valid business plan
and community needs. Heavy equipment is subject to seizure for the public
good or as needed. Heavy equipment operators are encouraged to keep and
maintain their own machine and to operate it at a reasonable salary in
service to the community. Companies who own many machines are to be divided
among the appropriate equipment operators and the rest to be let to valid
operators on a need basis. Cost of upkeep is charged. A guild of heavy
machine operators is recognized for safety and training's sake. Their
council is a subcouncil to the community council. Etc. Etc. Etc. It isn't
so hard to think of a better system than we have. All you have to do is
realize that the system we have now is not sacrosanct, in fact it's a
rigged game that steals you blind and is the most unfair any system could
be already!!!!!!!! The trick is to realize that the old rich have been
making the rules behind your back and that it's time to kick them off the
merry-go-round. Tax the rich to death. They are the ones that converted
your 60's school lunch program into the joke it is today. They are the ones
who always cut education. They are the ones who always raise the rent when
you get a raise. They are the ones who should be not just dislodged but
killed for their abuse. I have trouble justifying the death penalty for a
poor kid who killed and didn't know why not. I have no trouble justifying
the death penalty for the rich who steal countless human lives to feed
their greed! Have you paid rent most of your life? Then you have been
enslaved, percentage wise, most of your life. We used to be serfs. Now we
are called renters, and we are still enslaved to somebody who claims to own
land they don't use and make us pay them for it when they did nothing to
own it. Most rents in California are enough to buy the apartment house,
paynthe taxes and the insurance and have a little left over to travel with!
I have seen the books! I know what my landlord pays and to whom! I know
what I pay her. I am being forced to buy her a building and then I will be
let out at the other end with nothing, when I had as much right as her to
live on this planet! And her child will have the money to likewise
enslave my child. I hope I find out when I am going to die. I can make
things just a little happier form me to be able to destroy her life as she
destroyed mine. And maybe I can take a few other landlords with me, and
their heirs. That would be worth it. Then to be able to die before they can
do anything to me. That's a poor man's dream. Sleep tight, bastard
landlords. You don't know the trouble you are buying yourself as you sleep
on my heirs money in your mattress!
-RSW
