

The Moderator of the General Assembly, the Rev. John Fife, visited our
church about a week ago (just 4 days after Rev. Spahr--it's been a busy
week for our small church!!).  He was asked specifically about the issue
of homosexuality and what he thinks will happen at the GA meeting next
month.  Evidently, there are 15-20 known resolutions pending that range
the gamut from "outlawing" homosexuality altogether to "legalizing" it
completely.  He will readily admit that this is probabaly the most difficult
issue that the church has had to deal with since the Presbyterian church
split in two over the issue of slavery more than 100 years ago.  Without
question, the issue may split the church again after we've been reunited
for all of a dozen years or so.  He is hopeful that it will not and is
pushing the same attitude that helped the church deal with the abortion
issue last year as a solution.

He is hoping to pass a resolution that more or less states that we, the
members of the church "Agree to Disagree" on the issue, admitting that
both sides have honestly studied the Scriptures and had the Spirit lead
them to different conclusions.  It worked last year when the abortion
issue threatened to do more or less the same thing, and he is hopeful that
the GA can foster a loving and caring attitude about people who disagree
with their own view.

--
Cliff Slaughterbeck           | 
Dept. of Physics, FM-15       |   It's time for the sermon on the
University of Washington      |   Grand Torino!
Seattle, WA 98195             |