
It took three days to get to us, but I'll try anyway as I naturally
haven't seen the answer.


SAFE. The correct call is "Infield Fly, (batter out) if fair". Runners
may advance at own risk. (Gotta tag up if caught, etc.) It is not a
force, and the pop was not caught, so regardless of whether the SS
tags 3B or 2B (it wasn't clear, above), he hasn't got the runner out.


OUT. See rule 6.05(L) APPROVED RULING. (Below). In this case, the
umpire has decided for whatever reason that the infield fly rule
doesn't apply. (Sounds like a bad call here, but that's not the
point). The batter is not out, so a force situation is created.
Therefore, the runner is out.  ( UNLESS, by rule 6.05(L) the ball is
dead AND the batter is safe, then I guess the runners would advance
unmolested.  I can't really tell from 6.05(L) that the ball is dead in
this situation.)


Pertinent rules: 2.00 Definition of Infield Fly: "When an Infield fly
is called, runners may advance at their own risk. If on an infield fly
rule, the infielder intentionally drops a fair ball, the ball remains
in play despite the provisions of Rule 6.05(L). The Infield Fly rule
takes precedence."

6.05(L) A batter is out when: an infielder intentionally drops a fair
fly ball or line drive, with first, first and second, first and thrid,
or first,second and third base occupied before two are out. The ball
is dead and the runners or runners shall return to their original base
or bases. APPROVED RULING: In this situation, the batter is not out if
the infielder permits the ball the drop untouched to the ground,
except when the infield fly rule applies.
