First off: Thanks to all who have filled me in on the existence of the
68070. I assumed rashly that the particular number would be reserved for
further enhancements to the Motorola line, rather than meted out to
another company. Ah, well, I guess that's what I get when I assume the
computer industry will operate in a logical manner! ;-)

a
spot

Version 1.5 of Quicktime is, as has been stated, the current version of
the software. The older version is 1.0, and 1.6 is on the horizon in the
not too distant future.

back quite
25x by
that it
he

Quicktime does a much better job of playing back movies at size than it
does playing back resized movies. Apparently the process of expanding
each frame's image and dithering the resultant bitmap to the appropriate
bit depth is pretty processor-intensive. There are optimizers that work
pretty well for showing movies at double size, but if you drop to 1.9x
size or increase to 2.1x size, performance suffers dramatically.

(don't know
Quicktime

He lied. :-) Quicktime is very CPU dependent. He was probably confused by
the fact that QT is locked to an internal timecode, and will play in the
same amount of time on any machine. However, an LC will drop frames in
order to keep the sound and video synced up.

The Centris and Quadras have similar CPUs and will thus boast similar
performance, though the Quadras will be a bit faster due to marginally
faster clock speeds and somewhat different architecture.

having
was

I expect that the version of the Quicktime software you saw was 1.0 -- I
was using was 1.5. One of the new codecs in v1.5 allows video at nearly
twice the size and the same frame rate as what version 1.0 could handle.
The Centris 650 I saw was a plain-vanilla, with the exception of the nice
speakers that were playing the sound, and the software was Movie Player,
the QT player Apple includes with the software.
