
Do you really have *that* much information on him?  Really?


I don't know.  You tell me.  What percentage of players reach or 
exceed their MLE's *in their rookie season*?  We're talking about
1993, you know.


If that were your purpose, maybe.  Offerman spent 1992 getting 
acclimated, if you will.  The Dodgers as a team paid a big price
that season.  Perhaps they will reap the benefits down the road.
Do you really think they would have done what they did if they
were competing for a pennant?


For a stat-head, I'm amazed that you put any credence in spring
training.  Did you notice who he got those 10 (!) hits off of, or
are you going to tell me that it doesn't make a difference?


Wait a minute.  I missed something here.  First, forget Keith
Mitchell.  Are you saying that a kid who moves from AA to AAA
and then does not improve would have been better off making a
direct leap to the majors?  If a player does well at AA and then
does not improve at AAA, isn't that a sign that maybe he doesn't
belong in the bigs?

Now, Keith Mitchell.  As I recall (no stat books handy - surprise!)
he jumped from AA to Atlanta in 1991.  He did so well that he was
returned to the minors, where he didn't do very well at all.  Now
his career is in jeopardy.  So how does he fit in with your 
point.  Good MLE's in AA.  Moved him right to the big club.  Now
he's one step away from being traded or moved out of baseball.
Duh.



Well, I've cast my lot.  Certainly you may understand better how 
good Lopez is.  And I may overvalue experience.  But neither one
of us runs a baseball team.



--	The Beastmaster

