
  Ah, so you finally found a use for that super slo-mo and frame advance
other than scrutinizing "Sorority Babes in Heat". Congrats! 


  Trust me, you'd have a helluva time manipulating them. Besides, if you
converted the film to video you'd have all kinds of artifacts because of the
difference in frame rate (unless you're an expert at doing 3/2 pulldown for
a laserdisc company or something). 


  Hey, no fair! What about 'Fettucine' Alfredo Griffin? The guy practically
has to pivot the bat around along with his body. 


  Daulton doesn't strike me as all that strange. He's a little bit quiet at 
the plate but, like Franco, gets the bat through the hitting zone on a level
plane. The first time I watched Julio Franco, I didn't think *anyone* could
hit like that. Now I marvel at how easy he makes it look; every time he makes
contact, it's *solid*. He's got good power to all fields and rarely is he
caught not ready for a pitch. 

  I wonder if Phil Plantier had a severe bout with hemorrhoids and had to
practice his swing while 'on the throne'? :-) Sure looks like it :-) 

  How 'bout one to add to your list: Travis Fryman? The guy plants his front
foot and seems to swing *across* his body. He generates a lot of power, but
I keep thinking he could generate even more if he could get a better pivot
out of his hips. 


  Well, they're already spoken for (by several people), but .. 

  I'd add Robbie Alomar's name to the list, among others. I really like Dean
Palmer's swing, for some twisted reason, as well as Pedro Munoz's swing. 


  A thought about May: It looks like they've taught him to turn on the ball.
IMHO, he's going to fall in love with his newfound power and start pulling
off the ball to the point that he's going to see *lots* of sinkers/sliders
low and away. Unless he adjusts quickly and starts rifling doubles to left 
and left-center, IMHO you're going to see a good number of weak grounders to 
the right side of the infield in the next month. 
