
Crullerian.


Crullerian photography isn't educational, except in a purely satiric
sense.


Crullerian photography involves putting donuts between grease-covered
hot metal plates while illuminating them with a Krypton Stroboscope.
Through a unique iteration involving the 4th-dimensional projection of
a torus through the semi-stochastic interactions of hot monomolecular
lipid layers covering the metal plates (the best metal is iron since
it repels Vampires and Succubi) the donuts start developing flutes,
and within moments actually become poly-crenellated hot greasy
breadtubes. Some people believe that food is the way to a man's heart,
but most psychics agree that there is nothing like hot Crullers for
breakfast; the chemical composition of crullers is a mystery, some
thought evidence of Charles Fort's channeling in Stevie Wonder's
production of "The Secret Life of Plants" when played backwards in the
theatre of unnaturally fertile Findhorn Farms has deduced that they
are complex carbohydrates ordinarily only found by spectoscopy in the
Magellenic Clouds. I called Devi on my Orgone Box and asked her if
this was really the case, and she TM levitated me a letter across the
Atlantic to tell me it was indeed not just another case of
misunderstanding Tesla, though the Miskatonic University hasn't
confirmed anything at all. At least the Crullers taste good; I got the
recipe from Kaspar Hauser.




