

Are most players who come up young always good when they're young, or
later?


Damn.  I was afraid you would say that!


Well, perhaps if the Braves had no one else worth playing this year it
would be Lopez in there.  But they do have others worth playing, at
least in *their* opinion.  And I happen to agree.


I can believe that.  I'm a newbie here, so I'll take your word.  But
Alomar *is* a fine defensive catcher, which was my statement above.
That is a solid reason for bringing him up at a tender age, as long
as they feel he can also hit a bit.  Lopez does not have such a
consensus about his defensive prowess, and imho that is enough to
give him that dreaded "seasoning".


Sorry.  New.  Don't know Nichols' Law.  Don't believe in catchers'
era.  But I am interested in pitchers' eras with different catchers.
Any info on that?


In other words, we know more than they do, so the only logic behind 
a different decision than we would make must be financial.  I presume
we feel this way about other franchises than Atlanta, no?


Well if it does make organizational sense, one can hardly fault them
for their decisions.  I mean, please don't tell me how to run my
business.  Especially when I'm being successful.


I'm sure you could be right.  You could also be smoking some illegal
substance.

(Hey.  That's a joke.  Don't get offended.  Please.)

Well, I can't cite anyone's ethical rectitude because I don't know
what it means.  :)

But again, if it makes organizational sense, then so be it.  Baseball
is a business, and if there is a solid business reason for keeping
Lopez on the farm then that's what the Braves *should* do.

I happen to believe that it's a baseball decision.  While you from
your armchair may disagee, I don't.  I think there is a lot of
evidence to suggest the decision they made.  I predicted it among
large guffaws from several at the start of spring training.  I
think it is a very *normal* decision to have made.  It is certainly
more reversible than to have started Lopez in the bigs and have
released one of their catchers.  Sure, it may be conservative.  It
may also be logical.  I don't know what ethics have to do with it.
Seems like pretty good common sense to me.

--	The Beastmaster

