
"I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you.  Don't worry, though; as a Loving
Christian, I guarantee that I will regret the fact that I have to kill
you, although I won't regret the actual killing."


False dichotomy.


That's because they weren't even attempted.


You want to know why it bothers me that thousands of innocent people were
maimed or killed by bombing at the end of WW2, when it was far from clear
that such bombing was necessary?


And why-is-it-that-way?  Who set things up to be that way?


No, just the ones that have oil.  Or the ones that look like they might make
a success of Communism.


I don't see that getting UN forces to East Timor is any harder than getting
them to Iraq.


Fine.  Write to your Congressman and to President Clinton.  China's status as
"Most Favoured Nation" comes up for renewal in June.  Point out that the US
shouldn't be offering favourable trading terms to such a despicable regime.

I doubt anything will happen.  Clinton's keener on trade sanctions against
Europe.

[ Unbelievable comments about the Rodney King case deleted ]


Any idea how many kill files you just ended up in?


The ends justify the means, eh?


The same tired old misunderstanding.  Moral relativism means that there is no
*objective* standard of morality.  It doesn't mean you can't judge other
people's morals.  Christ on a bike, how many times have we tried to hammer
that into your head?


Obviously not, as I am an atheist.  I don't think you'd get on with Jesus,
though; he was a long-haired lunatic peace-nik, was he not?


Right.  Unfortunately for you, it turned out that my opinions on the matter
were entirely consistent in that I condemned the bombing of Dresden too.

I think you're being a bit glib with your explanation of the blanket bombing
policy, too.  You make it sound as though we were aiming for military targets
and could only get them by destroying civilian buildings next door.  As I
understand it, that is not the case; we aimed deliberately at civilian
targets in order to cause massive damage and inspire terror amongst the
German people.


Oh, come on.  With wars like the Falklands fresh in people's minds, that sort
of propaganda isn't going to fool anyone.


Yes?  And what about the millions of casualties the Russians suffered?  It's
hardly surprising the US didn't lose many men in WW2, given that you turned
up late.
