 
 
 
 
 
 
Later on, in your posting, you make reference to "putting words
into other people's mouths"...I would suggest that your last
paragraph can only be interpreted in one way...namely, that I,
along with Greg, claim that Gainey never made a technical
mistake.  If you actually read what I've written, you will find
that I make no such claim...soooo, if logic serves me well,
you're contradicting yourself.
 
 
 
 
Roger, I'm not sure here, but I think "ignorance" is really a
function of "a lack of knowledge" and not "formulating an
opinion"...but hey, if you need to take a cheap shot, then by all
means go ahead...that's if it makes you feel better.
 
 
 
 
My word, such vehemence against poor ol' Bob Gainey.  Why does
he bother you so much...he was an effective player for his style
of play.
 
 
 
I'm really sorry Roger, but you have lost me completely here. 
Why don't you ask me if I would rather have Jesus Christ,
himself, in nets?
 
Now, if you were to compare, say for example, Bob Gainey with Guy
Carbonneau, you would have a balanced comparison.
 
 
 
I'm wrong AGAIN...hmmm, let's see...where was I wrong in the
first place?  I'm only guessing here, Rog, but I have a feeling
that you've setup a "You're wrong again" macro key on your
machine.
 
I agree that my use of the word plugger is simplistic...but I
think you know what I'm getting at.  I would also like to point
out that Gilmour's potential as a Selke-winner was never part of
the debate...are you asking me for an opinion?  If so, I think
there are far too many other deserving players to include Gilmour
among the candidates.
 
 
I would suggest that your comment: "And when the press runs out
of things to say about  the stars on dynasties they start to hype
the pluggers.  Grant Fuhr, Essa Tikkannen, Butch Goring, Bob
Nystrom, Bob Gainey, Doug Jarvis, Derek Sanderson, Wayne Cashman,
Bob Baun, Bob Pulford, Ralph Backstrom, Henri Richard, Dick
Duff...and so on..." demonstrates a blanket disregard for these
individuals as contributors to the game...so yes, settle
down...nobody has claimed that they are hockey gods.
 
 
 
C'mon...it has a nice ring to it...and admit it, you had a good
laugh.
 
congenially, as always,
 
jd
 
--
James David
david@student.business.uwo.ca