 
<discussion deleted>
 
 
 
MY HOCKEY EDUCATION?  What the f--- are you talking about?  I'm
not even going to try to refute this absolutely insane statement. 
 
 
 
"I hate the Habs" ?...you sound like a 10-year old.  This
statement is just further exemplifies your total inability to
argue objectively about hockey.  Don't give me this crap about
"cogent arguments"...I've yet to read something of yours that is
cogent.  You consistently argue with: (1) emotion; (2) huge,
sweeping statements
 
Frankly, you have a very unconvincing style.
 
I'm not defending Bob Gainey...frankly, I don't care for him all
that much.  But your dismissal of him as something less than an
effective hockey player is tiresome...it has no basis in
anything.  How many Calders did he win? I think it was four (go
ahead and refresh my memory).  What about the Conn Smythe?  Was
that a fluke?  Yeah, not the makings of a hockey superstar, I
know, but try to have a reason, any reason, to shoot him down.
 
 
 
 
Hey cowboy!  You're the "expert" who introduced the idiotic
comparison of Gainey with Gretzky and Lemieux...you figure it
out.
 
 
 
How many individual awards between them? Eight...I don't remember
(once again, please feel free to refresh my memory...and try to
be as sarcastic as possible about my "hockey education").
 
 
 
OH MY GOD!!!  Did I say that?  Roger...what's your point?  Fuhr
is a goaltender, goaltender's don't "plug"...in his prime, he was
one of the best.  Sanderson was a scrapper...if you stick him on
you may as well include half the Flyers team of the same era.
 
 
 
Oh Roger, you shouldn't...really.  I don't deserve this...you are
far too accomodating already.
 
 
 
You seem to have allowed all of these other players fall into
your sweeping, vacuous statement...that's why.  If you want to
debate Gainey, go ahead...but why bring up everybody else?  How
does it support your argument?  Do you have an argument, or do
you just like to throw around a few names hoping to impress us?
 
 
 
Great.  I couldn't agree more.  The Flyers won two cups for the
same reasons...deservedly so.  So what?  I don't get it.  Are you
angry that the Leafs didn't get more recognition?  
 
You seem to think these pluggers are "hyped"...I don't
agree...plain and simple.  If you're last statement is some sort
of compromise, fair enough.
 
 
 
Not a pleasant bone in your body, eh Rog?  Why are you so
unhappy?  Not getting invited to enough parties?  What?
 
 
Roger, why are you under the impression that responding to your
posts is some great honour?  You really should stop...it sounds
a little bit pathetic.  Frankly, it's about as honourable as a
good fart.
 
congenially, as always, 
 
jd
 
-- 
James David 
j3david@student.business.uwo.ca/s