


Sorry, Nelson, but you forgot to ask me. If you check the THN stats for
Kansas City, you'll find that Larry has been playing for the games, having
played in 8 games in the period covered in the stats between 3/26 and the
4/16 issue (1-3-4 with 13 PIM). Not exactly invisible.


Well, having gotten to a chance to talk to him a few times, this isn't quite
accurate. He injured his back (a disk injury) and did one stupid thing,
which was to hide it from the Sharks and he tried to play through it because
he knew he was on the bubble. The Sharks then sent him to K.C., at which
point he disclosed the injury. Since he didn't disclose it, the Sharks and
he disagreed about the responsibility and he was suspended for not
reporting. That was eventually worked out, the Sharks re-instated him as
injured and put him into therapy, and when he was able to play then shipped
him down to K.C. He fully expects to play in the NHL again, although clearly
not with the Sharks (hiding injuries is a stupid no-no, beyond just a
no-no).

Very nice guy. Always hustled his butt off. He disappeared because he was
hurt. I expect he'll surface with another team at some point (probably
another expansion team), but is likely to be a bubble player for the rest of
his career. Has a good work ethic and is good at getting other players
motivated. Unfortunately, he played himself out of the Sharks future with a
bad judgement call.




Always gave 110%, best work ethic on the club (except maybe Kisio), but
hustle isn't always enough. His future with the Sharks was made clear to me
one night against the Flames when he went behind the crease and tried to
hold Joel Otto against the board. He literally had one arm around Otto's
neck and another wrapped around Otto's stick arm. Otto casually turned
around and fed the puck in front of the crease for a goal, as though Carter
wasn't there. Hustle can only cover size so far.

The Sharks have told me, point blank, that he's gone for good (ditto HUbie
McDonough). He was one of the favorites of the staff, but as one said to me
"you have to make room for the kids". Carter, in fact, refused to report to
K.C. and has been suspended by the Sharks. That might be a defacto
retirement, but I haven't heard anything official. His only hope in hockey
now is the Gulls.



Because, at least from the games I saw him in, he was outmatched and looked
fairly lost on the ice. I think he shows potential, but I didn't think he
was quite ready to make the jump to the NHL.


Agreed (BTW, I still think a lot of your grades are more based on how you
wish they'd performed than how they actually performed. I wonder whether you
can really judge talent from radio and television, Nelson? I know I have
trouble, since you don't see the off-puck action. your views from home and
my views from the ice differ in numerous ways)



Coffee. Coffey is with the Red Wings.



You? Nah... 

He was seriously unimpressive, even as a tough guy (his rep). However, as
few games as he had in a season that was at that point meaningless, I hate
to judge the talent too quickly. Butn in Dody's case, I"m tempted to make an
exception.

But I won't.
