
It was NOT Krupp's skate.  Krupp was defending against Steve Tuttle,
of the Blues.  They both sort of tripped and fell toward Malarchuk,
and Tuttle's skate came perilously close to cutting (but actually just
missed) the jugular.  Malarchuk immediately fell to the ice, hands at
his neck, blood on the ice.

He'd been suffering from it for over a decade.  He just wasn't
diagnosed for it until he didn't sleep for ten days and decided to
have some alcohol to help him sleep.  Unfortunately, he'd just been
put on ulcer medicine a few days earlier.  It's amazing he lasted as
long as he did.  OCD sufferers stop distinguishing the line between
reality and imagination, or fail to accept that something they've
checked is OK now.  For example, an OCD sufferrer can wash his hands
over and over and still think they're dirty.  He might check the oven
ten times to be sure it's turned off.  He might see a movie about
something and automatically assume the situation is the same for his
own life.  Malarchuk has dramatically decreased the medicine he takes,
but still needs it.  He went off it this past winter and had a bad OCD
episode and I think was in the hospital for a couple days.  (He felt
it slowed his reflexes, so he tried to go without).  In any event, he
is alive and well and living in San Diego, while playing with the
Gulls (IHL).  


And Tuttle is no longer with the Blues, but I don't know where he is.
Possibly in the IHL, but you'd best ask a Blues fan.
