



Whoa.  What you are effectively doing is implying that if a player plays
really well, he 'stores up' mistakes that can be used at a later time.  Ths
is not so.  Roy is the 'villain', as you so succinctly put it, because he
allowed a very cheap goal.  If you think Roy outplayed Hextall, perhaps you
should get a tape of the game and watch the first 7-8 minutes of the third
period.  NHL goaltenders _make_ some great saves.  If they did not, they
would not be in the NHL in the first place.  I do not expect any particular
goalie to be able to make the great saves all of the time, even though they
are occasionally required.  However, when it comes to a routine shot like
Sakic's, especially at such a crucial time in a game, I don't think there 
are any legitimate excuses. 


I am not arguing that Hextall was brilliant.  I am arguing is that a
relatively weak wrist shot from the outside of the circle shold not result 
in a goal. 


In a one-goal game with less than a minute to go there is no such thing as
'just the 1 goal'.  I have not defended Dionne for taking the penalty
either...in fact I think it was a boneheaded move.  But it led to _one_ goal
only, and Montreal had a _two_ goal lead.  My main concern is the second 
goal.


What you say about the skaters is absolutely true.  But realize that the 
game was effectively *won*.  You could watch any hockey game (in fact, you
could watch any sporting event period) and spend hours discussing the 'what
if's' w.r.t. missed opportunities.  They are not important when the final
result is decided.  If I get the time soon, I'll watch the game again and
email you a list of lucky Montreal bounces and a list of Quebec offensive
screwups.  Montreal was _leading_ with a minute to go.  The goalie
is the last line of defence, and I will grant that extra attention is
focussed on him, sometimes without justification.  But Roy gave up a *lousy*
goal, and a team cannot afford such a goal.



WHO CARES?  Of what value is it to justify one lousy play with a totally
unrelated lousy play?  I could do a Hextall critique if you'd like.  But if
you're going to assess his performance, keep in mind that he made the key
saves at the key times.


For the record, I did not say that Roy was not one of the top goaltenders in
the league.  In fact, I agree that he is.

                            
I assume you are referring to me.  However, I have pointed out that I think
the loss can be blamed on Roy.  I have not said he sucks, nor do I think I've
made any other 'derogatory comments'.  If you regard objective
(and informed, FYI) observations as derogatory, I really can't help you. 
