
May I suggest you chech out the _Palestinian National Covenant (1964)_.  It may
not use the exact words as quoted above but I'm sure many will agree that the
same message is being issued.  Later on when I get back home I will try to find
the precise section(s) but you can do the research for now (I hope).  I also
realize that Yasser Arafat renounced the _Covenant_ *to the Western media only*
but he has yet to inform the PNC officially and enequivocally of his exact
intentions on this issue.  Therefore, as far as we are concerned the _Covenant_
still stands as the "Bible" (so to speak) of the mainstream Palestinian
National movement!



As a staunch pro-Israel activist I can confidently say that Bnai Brith has NOT
influenced my opinions on the Arab-Israeli conflict.  As I mentioned above,
just a little research on the subject will lead anyone to reach a similar
conclusion on the Palestinian National movement (the PLO in most cases).  BB
does not properly speak for me nor many of the people around me who share
my views.


What 1948 situation?  A negative situation I presume?  Is this the same
"situation" when the Jordanian occupiers of East Jerusalem would not allow the
Jews to go worship at the HOLIEST SITE IN JUDIASM?  Was this an example of
Qu'ranic law being exercised?  If not, I have another suggested reading for
you... get into the "soc.culture.arabic" newsgroup where the posters have been
debating the topic "Jews in the Qu'ran" (and may I remind you the people doing
the debating appear to be devout Muslims with some knowledge of the Qu'ran).
You will find that Jews aren't really viewed positively by the Qu'ran (to put
it lightly).  So how do you think Jews (or any other non-Islamic religion) will
be treated by an Islamic state governed by the words of the Qu'ran?  I think
the 1948-1967 "situation" in Jerusalem will return *at best*!  What do you
think?


All I have to say to that is, once again, see s.c.a - "Jews in the Qu'ran" and
think again.  "Freedom of choice" is *definitely* not an option in Qu'ranic
law especially for non-Muslims and ALL women!  Remember the Gulf War?  I'm sure
you saw the reports about how women had few rights in Saudi Arabia (an Islamic
state).


Probably nothing!  Aside from how to break the news to his Palestinian brethren
that the _Covenant_ is "null and void" without getting assassinated himself!


In conclusion, Ahmed, you should go to the library and find the _Palestinian
National Covenant (1964)_ and read it VERY CAREFULLY.  By the way, Redpath
Library DOES have it in stock because that is exactly where I found it when I
was doing my research.  So enjoy the reading and I hope we will be hearing back
from you soon!

- Mike

---
       MI     KE   MIK    EMIK   EMI  K        "Opinions expressed above
       M I   K E  M   I  K        E   M         are my own and not that
       M  I K  E  MIKEM  I  KEM   I   K         of 'Big Blue'"
       M   I   K  E   M   IKE M  IKE  MIKE