


Sorry, but yes he does, by your own description.


Humorous, this notion of an all-knowing, all-powerful god who must
"attempt" to "reconcile" with his lowly creations.  I realize that it
is not possible to penetrate such logic, but is there any chance that
you might consider that an omnipotent god need not "attempt" anything,
and further that an attempt to "reconcile" implies a lack of
omniscience?

What you are doing here is projecting human weaknesses onto your god.



But all humans are sinners, thus all pre-Jesus humans should have been
punished with death.  We aren't punished with sin now, of course,
because God has changed.  He required a brutal, sadistic sacrifice of
his own blood in order to allow us to sin without immediate death.  


Yet he does so now.  He has changed.  The sadistic murder of his own
son has made him more tolerant of our sins.

Besides, his "midst" is everywhere, so your statement is meaningless.
He tolerates sin in Hell, which surely is in his midst as well.  Also,
given that he is all-knowing, he must have eternal knowledge of who
will commit which sins, as well as when and where, so what does
tolerance have to do with anything.  All of this is absolute nonsense,
unless your god is not indeed all-knowing and all-powerful, or unless
he doesn't take the personal interest in everyday affairs that you
claim.


Not relevant.  The claim of kindness and lovingness was made by you in
reference to your god.  The nature of his creations/victims is not at
issue.


I see: an all-knowing god who did not know what the ultimate outcome
would be, and an all-powerful god who had no choice in the matter.
Mindmush.


Did I miss something?  Did you give some indication at to why a KIND
and LOVING god should require sadistic human sacrifice to allow his
own botched creations to "achieve salvation"?


 
I note that your answer physically follows my question, but I fail to
discern a connection between the two.

By the way, for what am I being consoled?



Why not?  By the way, I note for the record that you didn't answer the
questions. 


Death and/or eternal damnation is your idea of correctional
punishment?  I hope you aren't a parent.


This is quite an elaborate fantasy that you've constructed, but sadly
it lacks a basis in reality.  It also does not address the questions
that I raised.


The god that you describe is not a good parent, but a tyrant.


Sorry, was that the god of the Bible whose rules I am to follow, or
the god of the Koran?  The Vedas?  The Book of Koresh?  Oh, yes, it's
all so clear.
