------------------------------
Wrong, if a bunch of faggots from the tenderloin decide to go straight
bashing and they selectively target a heterosexual man and beat the bloody
fuck out of him, they would get charged as well under all the federal laws
that exist about violation of civils rights. The focus of their intent is
his sexual orientation, and so the law applies to them as well. The
national government retains the right to make any laws necessary to
sufficiently deter and punish any crime against someone's civil rights
until that behavior becomes so well punished that nobody even tries it!
The fact is, that at last count, gays were not beating straights for their
sexual orientation. Thus, the law is getting applied only to the straights
who indulge themselves. The federal government or judiciary has the right
to enforce the 14th amendment guarantee of equal protection under law even
if it takes 1000 possible charges against people who would violate them. Go
read your constitutional law. We broke the back of the KKK's harrassment
campaign with the same strategy in the early 1900's. So many went to jail
and for so long that it cut the heart out of the KKK. 
-RSW

----------------------------------------
This "mutation" as you call it, protects your little butt too, if you
happen to be somewhere where you're the wrong "shade" for somebody else's
taste. If it can be shown that the motive for the assault on you was
racially motivated, then the full power of these extra laws that bring more
charges and punishments will come against those who harmed you. The first
use of such laws was well over a hundred years ago, and constitutional
scholars of all conviction recognize that this right reserved to the
federal government is well established and not just some short-lived
peculiarity, too! Go read some constitutional law for awhile. Maybe you'll
get it.
-RSW

--------------------------


