
Not quite correct.  Biblical teaching expects us to celebrate the
resurrection of Christ not once a year but every time someone is baptized.
 Col. 2:12-Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him
through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the
dead."  Rom. 6:4-Therefore we are buried with him in baptism into death:
that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the
Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life."
Those really want to celebrate the resurrection should by faith walk in
newness of life after baptism.  It is not necessary to celebrate a pagan
goddess in the process.

Paul answered your question in Romans 9.  In v. 4 he stated that the
adoption, the glory, the covenants, the giving of the law, the service of
God, and the promises were given to the Israelites.  It is a package deal.
 He goes on to identify those who are true Israelites.  Vs 6-8 makes it
plain that the true Israelites are not those who are born that way but
those who accept the promise of God.  Paul continued to emphasize that he
was an Israelite in 2 Cor. 11:22, then in Gal 3:29 he says that all those
who belong to Christ are Abraham's seed, and heirs to all the promises
given to the Israelites.  The promises come with the law.  It is all or
nothing.  Why is it that you only want to discard one part of the law? 
Certainly you would want your husband to be faithful to you.  Or do you
believe that adultery is no longer forbidden?  Same law.

BTW  please give a reference for your statement that the Gentiles are only
required to observe the basis commandmants.  Could you list those
please.  Acts 15 deals with circumcision and the law of Moses which was
added because of transgression of God's eternal law (Gal 3:19; Rom 4:15)