note: i am not the original poster, i am just answering because i
think this is important.

[evil result of human sinfulness, rather than the will of God]

whoo.  i'm going to have to be very careful with my language here.  i
think God is voluntarily giving up his omniscience in this world so
that we can decide on our own where we go -- free will.  in this sense
God allows evil to occur, and in this sense can be "held responsible"
as my chaplain says.  however, his will is, of course, that all be
saved.  he's not going to save us "by himself" -- we have to take a
step in his direction before he will save us.  read that last sentence
carefully -- i'm not saying we save ourselves.  i'm saying we have to
ACCEPT our salvation.  i do not believe in predestination -- it would
appear from what you say further down that you do.  

[stuff deleted]

ok -- i have trouble with that, but i guess that's one of those things
that can't be resolved by argument.  i accept your interpretation.

[more deleted]
			     ^^^^^^^^^
this is what indicates to me that you may believe in predestination.
am i correct?  i do not believe in predestination -- i believe we all
choose whether or not we will accept God's gift of salvation to us.
again, fundamental difference which can't really be resolved.

[yet more deleted]

yes, it is up to God to judge.  but he will only mete out that
punishment at the last judgement.  as for now, evil can be done by
human beings that is NOT God's will -- and the best we can do is see
taht some good comes out of it somehow.  the thing that most worries
me about the "it is the will of God" argument is that this will
convince people that we should not STOP the rape and killing when i
think that it is most christ-like to do just that.  if jesus stopped
the stoning of an adulterous woman (perhaps this is not a good
parallel, but i'm going to go with it anyway), why should we not stop
the murder and violation of people who may (or may not) be more
innocent?
