	I have to say I think this is the first time there has
been something posted that opposed me without making personal
insults. Congradulations tim. I think the other people answered
you on most of the factual parts(esp. about the internal
conflicts policy). 
	Israel very often gets away with more
than most other nations (Due to U.S. vetos). While I am not
familiar with every instance I know that the reason Saudi
Arabia was not condemned for killig the pilgrims was that the
pilgrims were iranian. Yes, the UN is biased but mostly in
favor of the US and its allies (Including Israel, Saudi Arabia
and Pakistan) and against "Outlaw" countries like iran and more
recently Iraq. Far be it from me to support the repressive
governments there but I think they get more slack than Israel
for things they do "wrong". Again the reason some condemnations
don't occur lies in the race or country of the victims. The
gassed Iraqi kurds got associated with Iran in the war and
since Iran was perceived as worse than Iraq no condemnation
resulted. The palestinians killed by arab countries involved
another case of who cares. It seems that until very recently no
one cared about how many palestinians died anywhere (including
in Israel and the occupied territories).
	Again I appreciate the lack of personal insults.
