
In the abstract, what you're saying is true.  But the facts happen to
agree with me, and disagree completely with you.  


Listen, Pinkas.  I'm going to count on the supposition that you think
through the opinions you have - something which is, by the way, against
my better judgment based on what I've seen from you to date.  We are
agreed, aren't we, that dictionaries are *reference books* for the usage
of a given language, and in particular for the meanings of the words and
phrases which comprise that language?  Now, you are using meanings
completely different from, indeed in some cases diametrically different
from, those given in the dictionary.  As a reference book, a dictionary
contains those meanings in both past and (as much as it can) in current
use.  That's also why they are updated so often.  Now, if you are saying
things which you give different meanings than the dictionary does, and
using non-standard meanings about every word, what is your chance of
being taken at face value...?

Just about none.  Just about no one will take you that way because the
words mean something different to them.  It's quite clear to me from
the response this thread has been getting that that is exactly what is
happening.  Ponder that.



What you did was ask a leading question.  In English idiom, the phrase
"and guess why..." in the way you used it is a loaded question, with
only one answer expected.  

I also take offense at being told I cannot read by someone who is
obviously having trouble with the subject himself.  Mr. Pinkas, I am a
PhD candidate in my field.  One does not get to PhD candidacy if one
cannot read.  


Balderdash.  You know this is false.  I would be able to make the
abstraction if it bore any resemblance to the facts of the matter.
Yours did not.  The analogy is utterly inapplicable.

I wouldn't be in the field I'm in -- astrophysics -- if I couldn't make
abstractions and speculate about the general grand scheme of things.  I
also wouldn't be in education -- which I am (and my students give me
rather good reviews I'd add) -- if I couldn't draw such analogies.


The vast majority of Palestinians in Israeli prisons aren't tortured,
and their houses weren't blown up by the army.  In fact, you've seen me
protesting such measures ON THIS NET before.  Are you now trying to
intimate my agreement with them?


Do you know the meanings of the words you use or do you expect the
reader to read your mind?  I can read just fine thank you.  And I don't
need someone who is obviously having some troubles with a tongue which
isn't his native one telling me how to read the words in my own native
tongue.  If it were Spanish, I'd ask you.  


Yes, they are.  As you well know.


Balderdash.  See above.  Once again, you have a lot of gall and
absolutely no right to lecture a native speaker of a language, who is
well educated in it, in a language which isn't your own native tongue
and with which you're obviously having problems.


Social life is one thing, legal status is another.  Once again, this is
a leading question.


Final question:  Is it possible to be both Jewish and Muslim?  Jewish
and Christian?  Your response will be enlightening.

