Ilyess sez: 
  >So how would have *you* defended Saudi Arabia and rolled 
  >back the Iraqi invasion, were you in charge of Saudi Arabia??? 
  
  All Muslims knew that the whole thing was set up to destroy Iraq, not 
  to "Liberate Kuwait", The people who were killed by the invasion are 
  more (many many more), than the ones that were killed by the Iraqis 
  in their smaller invasion. I lived in the west, and I have seen how 
  your media prepared you (helpless naive Americans) for a war against 
                                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 
No doubt you plan on exploiting "helpless naive Americans" for your own
purposes. Hmm...let's see: 

  Iraq even before the artificial conflict between Iraq and Kuwait that 
  led to the invasion, as the CIA correctly predicted (and pretended to 
  be surprised not to know). 
  It just happened that Saddam was so predictible and so arrogant and stupid. 

  What would I have done: Most Muslims would choose 300 dead Kuwaitis   over 
  200,000 dead Iraqis and 1000 dead Kuwaitis. The first case would happen 
  if no western intervention happened, and the second case was a direct 
  or indirect result of western envolvement. 

Possibly, if 200,000 Iraqis had indeed died, but this number is based on
Greenpeace estimates.  Greenpeace had compromised its alleged
impartiality during the war by condemning the potential environmental
consequences of Allied miiltary action, while initially *completely*
ignoring Iraq's horrible environmental crimes, starting with the dumping
of millions of barrels of oil into the Gulf at Ahmadi to the blowing of
over 700 oil wells.  What is the real number?  There has been a lot of
work on this in the last two years, none of it reported as the
Greenpeace figure seems to get continuously bandied about.  The real
number seems to be around 10,000, on the same order as the number of
Kuwaitis killed, tortured and kidnapped during the occupation.  I've
included an article I recently posted below, but this is really old
news.  Independent Television News reported a figure around 15,000 only
a few months after the war, but it was hardly reported. 

For the Allies to have killed 200,000 Iraqis, they would have had to
kill twice the *total* number of Iraqis in Kuwait. 

The favored image of the hysterics is the last battle of the war at
Mutla'.  This was yet another example of the American and European media
playing into the hands of Iraq and its de facto allies.     The
destruction of the Iraqi convoy at Mutla' was portrayed as an all-out
slaughter.  This is simply not true.  The head and tail of the convoy
was bombed initially, resulting in a lot of casualties at these points. 
 Before bombers came back, most of the rest of the Iraqi soldiers fled
on foot. 

Furthermore, your estimates of Kuwaiti war dead if Allies hadn't invaded
is completely ridiculous.  You have acknowledged (certainly implicitly) 
 that Saddam is a barbarous brute.  You have acknowledged the hundreds
of thousands he has been responible for killing *in his own country*. 
You *know* that the man he appointed as governor of Kuwait,  Ali Majid,
was his most brutal henchman, presiding over the near genocide of the
Kurds  in the late 80's and, more recently, the Shi'a.    Yet, when it
comes to his treatment of Kuwaitis, he is an angel.  In your estimate,
he would've killed *fewer* than he already had when the war started. 
What a joke! 


APn  03/09 0006  Iraq War Dead 

Copyright, 1993. The Associated Press. All rights reserved. 