Serdar, I have been told that you are not real, your account is fake (which I  
confirmed by trying to E-mail you) and advised not to waste my time writing to  
"you".  But, I get pleasure from watching you make a fool of yourself. 


So you stand by the statement that all Armenians are barbarians.  OK, I see.   
Lets not even act as if there is a chance they are human.  See Serdar, when you  
judge people because of their race this is called racism.  I tend to frown on  
this sort of thing.  Obviously you don't.  When you label an entire race the  
way you do, it is easy to stop thinking of them as human beings, and this can  
make GENOCIDE possible.  But I guess (and this is where Serdar will fill the  
page with quotes taken out of context) you know that, huh?
Don't you find it weak that all of Serdars enemies are  
Fascist/NAZI/barbarian/_________fill in the blank with any catch all bad term.


Public knowlege?  I was not aware of that.  NOW I see, the ARMENIANS decide to  
kill the Israeli athletes in 1972 as PRACTICE.  I was confused, but thanks for  
clearing that up.

Wow, you are on a roll with the accusations today Serdar, so how did the  
Armenians steal from the Turkish children?  Was it their lunch money?  This is  
very cute how you inserted children in this fill in the blank accusation sheet  
you fill out every day.  It really touches my heart.  Oh and thank you for  
letting me know that Kurds and Armenians hate each other.  I was not aware of  
this.  The only time I have ever talked about Kurds it was about the WONDERFUL  
treatment they were recieving in Turkey.  They must have a high incedence of  
insanity because there sure are a lot of them fighting against the  
non-oppresive Turkish government that has let their culture flower over the  
past 70 years.


Thanks for the unbiased TURKISH MEDIA SOURCE.  I am sure the Milliyet is rated  
number one for accuracy and truth.


Innocent?  Is that what terrorists call their victims?  I have never heard of  
terrorists calling their victims innocent.  "Yes, folks in other news the IRA  
public relations department reported that it had killed 20 innocent victims in  
a car bombing...  "  Nope Serdar, I don't think so.
 
Oops you almost forgot to fill in the "Say something about Turks being killed  
by Armenians here" section of your note.
