
Unfortunately, elections can, and are, bought.  Promise the voters money, and
they will vote for you.


Same here.  Convicted felons may not legally purchase firearms.


That you know of.

While I lived in the DBR, a gang robbed a joint US Army/Bundewehr armoury and
got several hundred M-16s, ammunition, handguns and some explosives.  When I
left two years later, there were no clues.


Who uses them is the problem.  Crime, in the U.S., is "no big deal" if you are
the criminal.  How about 5 years for murder.  Credit for time served (in jail,
waiting for trial) and you are out in 12 months, worst case.  If we would put
criminals, especially violent ones, in the slam for true sentences, crime would
drop.  Instead, we reward them for being good and let them out early, very
early.


Serbs, Croats and Muslims have been killing each other almost since before the
invention of guns.  Old women are throwing stones at UN trucks.  This is a
hatred that goes beyond reason.

Yes, the problem is the user.  Question back (since you are one of the rational
ones):  If all gun crime were to stop, would you support dropping all gun
controls?


They did not believe, from experience, that the "police" (including National
Guard) could/would protect them.  Unless you want to argue that a human being
does not have a right to protect him/herself, they did the right thing.  What
would you suggest as a defense against a mob throwing bottles and rocks, and
also likely armed with stolen firearms?


Criminals would move to Scandinavia??? :-)  The average criminal would look for
a less hazardous job, and the rest would likely be buried at county expense.


Personally, I criticize the fools who send money to the IRA to "make Ireland
free".  Of course, this is the last thing the IRA wants, because they lose
power if England pulls out.  But that's for another group.


The U.S. has roughly 20 times the major sporting events as the U.K..  How many
riots did we have at sporting events last year (off the playing field)? 
Hooligan is a word never used when reffering to sports fans here.  I guess
that's where the different cultures thing comes in.


Yes.  The question is, is the problem one of too many guns (mostly from the
army) or not enough (nonSerbians can not defend themselves.


But disarming responsible gun owners is not the solution.  Yet, that is exactly
what HCI is proposing.