

How about Jews who were expelled from their homelands in Iraq, Syria,
Jordan, Algeria, etc.?  Don't they deserve justice, too?


Why is your criticism ALWAYS directed against Israel, but never
against the Arab states, even when they are so much more guilty of the
accusations you make?  Is it because you now call yourself a
Palestinean? 


This is why the "land-for-peace" formula is so foolish.  Land-for-land
or peace-for-peace seems much more just, except that it would cost the
Arabs something and so is not under consideration.  

Let's not forget that about half of Israel's population are refugees
from Arab countries.  Somehow, THEIR land now being occupied by Arab
states and THEIR homes now being lived-in by Arab people are not
included in any negotiations.  Is this your prescription for peace? 


Again, you've somehow managed to overlook the fact that the Arab
states are much more restrictive on these points.  In fact, the
officially Judenrein policies of almost all of the Arab states makes
them resemble Nazi Germany chillingly closely.


There are many states in which Christians can live happily, many which
have official religions and Christian majorities and Christian-based
laws.  There are some 2 dozen Arab and Islamic states.  There is only
1 (one) Jewish state.  Do you have a problem with this?  Is this one
Jewish state too many?  There are others who might agree with you, you
know. 


Have you just arrived on tpm recently???  Again, the supporters of the
Arab and Islamic camps are frequently and massively guilty of
"emotional, infantile outbursts" which have weakened their positions
dramatically.  Somehow, your criticisms are very one-sided and
simple-minded. 

P.S. How's the Fund coming along?
