  I have never seen such immaturity among semitophiles.  This
Andi Beyer character shows no signs of anti semitism, yet
because he deviates from the norm of accepted opinion, you
attack him.  Why did not anyone venture to answer Andi's
question in an intelligent and unoffending manner?  The only
ones guilty here of not backing up there viewpoints with fact
are the Israelophiles.  Now will we please start having some
INTELLIGENT conversation?  You all are an insult to you race!
{assuming you are also semitic}
	Now I have a comment concerning Israeli terrorism
during the 1930's and 1940's.  The Hirgun, and other branch -
off militant groups, did fight the British do get them out of
Palestine.  Yet I fail to see how this Israeli form of
terrorism was better than the terrorism practiced now by the
Arabs.  These Jewish terrorist groups killed innocent British
soldiers, but not only thta also killed many Jews who were in
favor of a compromise with the Palestinians.  In addition, they
massacred an entire Palestinian village in 1948, contributing
to the exodus of the frightened Palestinians who feared their
very lives.
	I mention this not because I'm anti semitic [I'm part
Jewish] but because this self righteousness on the part of the
Israelites pisses me off so.  I'm not as critical of the
Palestinians because they were indeed screwed over by the
Jews.  It 's a damn shame that the Palestinians had to pay for
German and European anti semitism.