
I apologize to the moderator, but the first quote was deleted and I
would like to respond to both.

As for the "goal we can never achieve", the reward comes from the
trying.  Paul makes a clear claim that we are to continue straining for
the prize over in Philippians 3:10-16.  Only by not living out the
commands do we stagnate and become lukewarm, to be spit out by Jesus.
As it says in 1 John 5:3:  "This is love for God:  to obey his comands."
That obedience is our straining to achieve for God.  Of course, this
requires work on our part.

As for the quote in James, Satan doesn't care what we believe.  What
matters is the results of our belief (works).  If one truly has faith in
what one believes, one will either act on that faith or be lying to
oneself about believing in the first place.  

Stan, as for your first line, you have a very good point.  Obedience by
obligation (grudgery) is not what God desires.  Instead, look at how
many times the Bible talks about being joyous in all situations and when
doing God's work.  Being begrudged by the work has no value.  Also, we
should do the work necessary whenever we can, not just when we feel
Jesus' presence.  Feelings can deceive us.  However, as Paul states to
Timothy in 2 Timothy 4:2:  "Preach the Word; be prepared in season and
out of season; correct, rebuke and encourage--with great patience and
careful instruction."  Also, remember that Paul tells Timothy in 1
Timothy 4:16:  "Watch your life and doctrine closely.  Persevere in
them, because if you do, you will save both yourself and your hearers."
So, in order to do the work necessary, we need to be sure that we are
correct first.  Remember Jesus' warning in Matthew 7:3-5 not to be
hypocritical about what we do.  The best way to accomplish this is to be
a disciple completely in both thought and deed.  