These are MY last words on the subject




Some people think it enhances the flavor.  I personally don't think it
helps the taste, it makes me sick, so I try to avoid it.



Well, I know that MSG effects ME adversely - maybe not permanently but
at least temporarily enough that I like to try to avoid the stuff.



EXCUSE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why can't people learn to cook from scratch *ON* the net.  I've gotten
LOTS of recipes off the net that don't use additives.

If you LIKE additives then get off the net and go to your local
supermarket, buy lots of packaged foods, and YOU get OFF THE NET!!


I don't!!


HEY - I'll pay *MY* hard earned dollars to buy food that costs more
but does NOT have preservatives.  I choose to speak with my pocketbook
in many ways.



Nacho cheese Doritos, breading for MANY frozen fried foods (like fish
and chicken), etc. ad naseum.


Or the "and other natural flavorings syndrome."  It's been a few years
since I've bought anything labelled with "and other natural
flavorings".  



Well, I had had similar reactions many times.  That was when I really
started WATCHING CAREFULLY - reaction to Doritos - hey guess what's in
there - reaction to Lawry's season salt - guess what's in THERE

I'll give you a hint - I've had enough problems with MANY MANY MANY
different products with MSG that I figured out one thing.

UNLESS I plan on getting sick - I won't eat the stuff without my
Seldane.  And did I ever learn to read labels.


Which was why I started checking EVERY time I got sick.  And EVERY
time I got sick MSG was somehow involved in one of the food products.
And consider there were no other similar ingredients (to my knowledge)
- it might not please a medical researcher - but it pleased my own
personal physician enough for him to give me allergy medicine and MOST
IMPORTANTLY it's enough proof for ME to avoid it (and enough proof
that my INCREDIBLY frugal fiance didn't flinch when I literally threw
out or gave away all the food products in his pantry that had msg -
and he always flinches when there's waste - but it was a simple
explanation - I won't eat this stuff, I WON'T cook with this stuff, so
I can either throw it out or give it away.)



Probably Lawry's seasoning salt.  I LOVE the way that tastes.  

I'm not saying I NEVER consume ANYTHING with MSG.  I've noticed that I
have a certain tolerance level - like a (small) bag of bbq chips once
a month or so it not a problem - but that same bag of chips will
bother me if I also had chicken bouillon yesterday and lunch at one of
the Chinese restaurants the day before.  



But - some say that only 2% of the population has a problem with MSG -
some say it's more like 20% - but let's say that it's 5%.  How many
people would have to be tested that would have a problem?  Also - I
KNOW I have a problem with it, and I wouldn't VOLUNTEER for a test.
Like thanks guys but I don't WANT to get sick.  Also - I'm sure that
most people probably have varying degrees of sensitivities at
different times.  If I have a cold I'm MUCH more susceptible to the
reaction than when I'm healthy (as proven today - when I'm stuffy but
for some silly reason I still gave in and decided to have the BBQ
chips ;}).



Cathy doesn't - I haven't saved all my postings but I NEVER called it
"chinese restaurant syndrome" and I NEVER stated I got it only from
Chinese food.  I just thought it would be easiest to conduct my
personal test at a Chinese take out place that I knew would hold (or
not hold) the MSG.  I can't call up whoever makes Doritos and ask them
to make me ONE back of chips without MSG.


Well, I believe I mentioned that in an earlier post 

Let's see you wrote this message at

Date: 20 Apr 1993 00:09:31 -0500

but on 

Date: 19 Apr 1993 16:33:18 GMT




OH - and just in case anyone thinks I'm prejudice against either
Chinese food or Asian people - I'm not going home to cook some Chinese
food for the guy I'm marrying next week.  Incidentally, his last name
is Wu.

SO STOP IT WITH THE FLAME MAIL

--
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then 
complain that he's not the man she married?    
  -- Barbra Streisand