


This thread si starting to get really silly. Such nonsense do not
belong in s.r.c and it really hurts me to read some of the posts on
this issue.

We chose to believe whetever we want, but we are not allowed to define
our own Christianity. we see in parts. If you see something that I do
not see, or vice versa, it does not give me the right to play jokes on
your belief!

There is no wonder that your "miracle" does not work. You designet it
yourself, and even if you were able to collect a group of people like
the one you describe, I see no reason why your "miracle" should really
happen. God is the one who does miracles, not humans!

After all we are all on the same way, or at least, we are all headed
for the same goal, following different paths. Remember that we are
going to spend eternity together. If I can not stand your view here on
earth, how can I possibly stand spending eternity together with you?

Tongues is a question of belief. Not wether you believe in Jesus, but
if you believe that He is able to give you this gift. Just as any
other of the gifts mentioned in the Bible. But there is no evidence in
the Bible that people who do not accept these gifts are in any way
better than others.


Maybe some of the people who have received spiritual gifts are more
interested in glorifying themselves than glorifying God, I don't know.
But if this is the case, it still does not suggest that the gifts are
faked.

In the Bible you will find that Jesus did not always do miracles. He
said that "I do nothing, except what my father tells me." Perhaps it
woulkd be for the best of all if we where all able to live by that
example!

In Him,
Bjorn