

So do other parts of the Bible when taken literally - i.e. the Psalms
saying the Earth does not move, or the implication the Earth is flat
with four corners, etc.  The Bible was written to teach salvation, not
history or science.


What ones?  Paryers for the dead or the intercession of saints? (Which
are taught in 2 Maccabees, Sirach, and Tobit)


By your own subjective judgement.  This falling short is your judgement,
and you are not infallible - rather the Church of Jesus Christ is (see 1
Timothy 3.15).


More subjective feelings.   This is not a proof of anything more than
one persons feelings.


As I have written time and again, the Hebrew canon was fixed in Jamnia,
Palestine, in 90 AD.  60 years after the foundation of the one, holy,
catholic, and apostolic Church.  Furthermore, the opinons of Jerome do
not count.  He was neither the Church, or the Pope, or an ecumenical
council, or a council in general, or an insturment of the Magisterium of
the Church.  He was a private individual, learned admittedly, but
subject to erro of opinion.  And in exlcuding the deuterocanon, he
erred, as Pope Damsus, and the Council of Carthage, and the tradition of
the Fathers, clearly shows, as I pointed out in my previous post.


I suggest you take heed of the last part of the statement, if you want
to take it in the sense you are taking it, that taking away from the
book will cause you to lose heaven.


The order of the Canon is unimportant, it is the content that matters. 
None of Jesus' statments exlcude the deuterocanon, which were
interspersed throughout the canon.  And remeber, there are some
completely undisputed books, Ezra, Nehemiah, Esther, Ecclesiatses, Song
of Songs, Job, etc. that are not quoted in the New Testament, which is
not taken as prejudicial to their being inspired.