





Yes, quite a number of people it seems from discussions I've had (me
included). I bought my machine a couple of weeks ago as well and
started to experience these problems.

Apple Australia via my dealer said that this problem has a number of
potential causes - Faulty applications, faulty third party hardware
(modems, memory etc), system software, PRAM corruption and power
manager corruption, and the Duo hardware itself.

None of the above are relevant in my case except the last two maybe
(no applications were running, the system software was re-installed, I
have no additional hardware). I have found that clearing PRAM appears
to help for a while at least (hold down command option P and R on
startup). Unfortunately the problem returns suggesting that PRAM is
being corrupted by something (system software bug ? - I don't have any
non-issue inits in my system). Apparently the Power Manager can be
reset by "holding the reset and interrupt buttons while powering up" -
Apple's advice - but since the Duo does not have an interrupt button
I'm not sure what they mean in this case. This may also help if
someone can decipher Apple's advice for me.

Beyond this Apple suggest that " you should follow the technical
procedures to check the hardware of this Duo". Since so many others
appear to be having the same problem it would seem to me that there
has been a system software bug introduced somewhere along the line -
and quite recently too - since it only seems to be recent Duo 230
purchasers who have this problem.

Any more comments from others in the same boat are welcome,
particularly Apple Duo engineers :-)

cheers

brucet
