

    What phony names? My name is clearly visible in the headers, and I
sing the post with my account name. If you have a problem with that,
then you will have to get over it. I've used this account name for over
10 years and the people who have been reading newsgroups for the last 7
generally recognize "Hades" as my account name. I have no intention of
changing the way I post.


    It isn't Apple's responsibility to tell its customers how to fool
around with it's hardware. That is what Apple Service Techs get paid to
do. I personally like the design of the Q800, and applaud Apple for
coming up with a good way to make use of the front space for all of
those drive bays. I like it a lot better than the 900/950 design, except
for those people who need Drive Arrays. I do, however, agree with you
about the LW Pro design.


    Again, its's not Apple's place to make it easy for non-certified
service people to fool around with Apple hardware, even if they did buy
it. Of course you are free to do what you want to your Mac, just don't
get upset when your Apple Service Rep tells you that your warranty is no
longer valid.


    This sounds like the kind of problem I had when I installed 4MB
SIMMs into an LC, back before low-profile 4MB SIMMs were readily
available. The standard 4MB SIMMs would contact the top of the case and
make it a bit difficult to close the LC, but it did close and work just
fine. One of the nice things about Logic-Boards is that they are
generally quite flexible and can withstand a fair amount of pressure.