
Yup, I bought the darn thing cause it was sturdy. I carry it around in
an unpadded (unless you consider all the papers and files and folders)
bookbag (shoulder strap little job from Eddie Bauer). I've travelled
cross country several times with Walkman, DiscMan and tapes, books and
computer all piled in their. My PB100 works happily, and I'm typing on
it right now... It has a Global Village Teleport 9600 V.32 internal
send/receive fax-modem, and I just love it.

Unfortunately, I have seen a new Duo 230 that a friend bought as a
primary computer (I have a Mac IIsi and SE30 as primary home
computers, and Quadra and IIci at work in the lab). And while amazed
at the lightness of it, I was kinda shocked at the flimsiness of the
screen. I'm sure it'd break real easy....
Geez, we are a Sony familly. Our neighbor works for Zeinth and hates
it (always asks why we didn't buy Zeinth products). Nice guy
nevertheless. We still have two working Sony Color Trinitrons from
1972 and 1974. Older one is on it's second picture tube, but both
work. Now they're relegated to the old 8-bit atari computer and atari
2600 game machinces, as well as our not-that-old younger sister's
Nintendo game machine. Sony doesn't make TV's like they used to
though, the newer Mexican assembly-line TV's are not that reliable or
sharp anymore... Dad also just got a 35" direct-view Sony (god, the
thing weighs a ton!). :)  Still, where would we be without Trinitrons,
CD players, or the veritable Walkman????